docs/index.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: © 2021-2022 MONAI Consortium
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache License 2.0
-->

# MONAI Deploy Informatics Gateway <small>v0.0.0</small>

![NVIDIA](./images/MONAI-logo_color.svg)

## Introduction

MONAI Deploy Informatics Gateway (MIG) handles the first and last step in a clinical data pipeline: the input and output (I/O).

MIG uses standard protocols like DICOM and FHIR. It stores studies and resources from the medical record system as payloads. It then notifies the rest of the MONAI Deploy system, specifically the MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager, that data is ready to be processed.

After inference completes, MIG receives notifications for exporting the results to the proper consumers, usually PACS or viewers for visualization, VNAs for storage, and EHRs (Electronic Healthcare Records).


## Services

MIG contains the following standard protocols to communicate with medical devices:

* **DICOM SCP**: C-ECHO, C-STORE
* **DICOM SCU**: C-STORE
* **ACR DSI API**: [The American College of Radiology’s Data Science Institute API](https://www.acrdsi.org/-/media/DSI/Files/ACR-DSI-Model-API.pdf)
* **DICOMweb client**: QIDO-RS, WADO-RS, STOW-RS
* **FHIR client**: GET

[!Note]
The DICOMweb client and FHIR client are called using the ACR DSI API.

### DICOM SCP

The *DICOM SCP Service* accepts standard DICOM C-ECHO and C-STORE commands, which receive DICOM instances for processing. The received instances are stored immediately to the configured temporary storage location (`InformaticsGateway>storage>temporary`) and then uploaded to the shared storage for the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) to consume. All DICOM instances are stored on disk as-is using the original transfer syntax described in
the [DICOM Interface](./compliance/dicom.md#dicom-scp) section. The MONAI Deploy application developer must handle any encoding/decoding of the DICOM files within the applications. Please refer to the [MONAI Deploy App SDK](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-app-sdk) for further information.

### DICOM SCU

The *DICOM SCU Service* enables users to export application-generated DICOM results to external DICOM devices. It subscribes to the `md.export.request.monaiscu` events generated by the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) and then exports the data to user-configured DICOM destination(s).

> [!Note]
> DICOM instances are sent as-is; no codec conversion is done as part of the SCU process. 
> See the [DICOM Interface SCU](./compliance/dicom.md#dimse-services-scu) section for more information.

### DICOMWeb STOW-RS

The *DICOMWeb STOW-RS* allows users to trigger a new workflow request by uploading a DICOM dataset. It provides options to trigger a workflow with or without specifying a workflow ID/name.  See [DICOMWeb STOW-RS](./api/rest/dicomweb-stow.md) section for more information.

### ACR DSI API

The ACR DSI API allows users to trigger inference requests via RESTful calls, utilizing DICOMweb & FHIR to retrieve data specified in the request. Upon data retrieval, the Informatics Gateway uploads the data to the shared storage and generates an `md.workflow.request` event, which notifies the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) for processing.

#### DICOMweb Export

A DICOMweb export agent can export any user-generated DICOM content to configured DICOM destinations. The agent subscribes to the `md.export.request.monaidicomweb` events generated by the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) and then exports the data to user-configured DICOMweb destination(s).

Commit message:

Update files with full Apache-2.0 text
Signed-off-by: Victor Chang <vicchang@nvidia.com>

docs/index.md, after:

<!--
  ~ Copyright 2021-2022 MONAI Consortium
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~ http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
-->

# MONAI Deploy Informatics Gateway <small>v0.0.0</small>

![NVIDIA](./images/MONAI-logo_color.svg)

## Introduction

MONAI Deploy Informatics Gateway (MIG) handles the first and last step in a clinical data pipeline: the input and output (I/O).

MIG uses standard protocols like DICOM and FHIR. It stores studies and resources from the medical record system as payloads. It then notifies the rest of the MONAI Deploy system, specifically the MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager, that data is ready to be processed.

After inference completes, MIG receives notifications for exporting the results to the proper consumers, usually PACS or viewers for visualization, VNAs for storage, and EHRs (Electronic Healthcare Records).


## Services

MIG contains the following standard protocols to communicate with medical devices:

* **DICOM SCP**: C-ECHO, C-STORE
* **DICOM SCU**: C-STORE
* **ACR DSI API**: [The American College of Radiology’s Data Science Institute API](https://www.acrdsi.org/-/media/DSI/Files/ACR-DSI-Model-API.pdf)
* **DICOMweb client**: QIDO-RS, WADO-RS, STOW-RS
* **FHIR client**: GET

[!Note]
The DICOMweb client and FHIR client are called using the ACR DSI API.

### DICOM SCP

The *DICOM SCP Service* accepts standard DICOM C-ECHO and C-STORE commands, which receive DICOM instances for processing. The received instances are stored immediately to the configured temporary storage location (`InformaticsGateway>storage>temporary`) and then uploaded to the shared storage for the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) to consume. All DICOM instances are stored on disk as-is using the original transfer syntax described in
the [DICOM Interface](./compliance/dicom.md#dicom-scp) section. The MONAI Deploy application developer must handle any encoding/decoding of the DICOM files within the applications. Please refer to the [MONAI Deploy App SDK](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-app-sdk) for further information.

### DICOM SCU

The *DICOM SCU Service* enables users to export application-generated DICOM results to external DICOM devices. It subscribes to the `md.export.request.monaiscu` events generated by the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) and then exports the data to user-configured DICOM destination(s).

> [!Note]
> DICOM instances are sent as-is; no codec conversion is done as part of the SCU process. 
> See the [DICOM Interface SCU](./compliance/dicom.md#dimse-services-scu) section for more information.

### DICOMWeb STOW-RS

The *DICOMWeb STOW-RS* allows users to trigger a new workflow request by uploading a DICOM dataset. It provides options to trigger a workflow with or without specifying a workflow ID/name.  See [DICOMWeb STOW-RS](./api/rest/dicomweb-stow.md) section for more information.

### ACR DSI API

The ACR DSI API allows users to trigger inference requests via RESTful calls, utilizing DICOMweb & FHIR to retrieve data specified in the request. Upon data retrieval, the Informatics Gateway uploads the data to the shared storage and generates an `md.workflow.request` event, which notifies the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) for processing.

#### DICOMweb Export

A DICOMweb export agent can export any user-generated DICOM content to configured DICOM destinations. The agent subscribes to the `md.export.request.monaidicomweb` events generated by the [MONAI Deploy Workflow Manager](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/monai-deploy-workflow-manager) and then exports the data to user-configured DICOMweb destination(s).
